add version topics (#2594)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: docs/references/http-websocket-apis/public-api-methods/server-info-methods/version.md

---
seo:
    description: Retrieve API version information.
labels:
  - Core Server
---
# version

[[Source]](https://github.com/XRPLF/rippled/blob/develop/src/ripple/beast/core/SemanticVersion.cpp "Source")

> The `version` command asks the server for API version information. For `clio` servers, see [`version` (`clio`)](../clio-methods/version.md) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `version` command retrieves the API version information for the rippled server. For `Clio` servers, see [`version` (`clio`)](../clio-methods/version.md) instead.
```
